MindControl{
    to whom it may concern, 
    The purpose of this letter is to inform who may ever discover it of a nefarious technology 
    that I have been witness, and subject too in the past years. I believe multiple organizations have access to this 
    technology and have used it in order to manipulate, control, or psychologically annhilate targets of their choosing. That being said not all of these organizations are using it to induce harm to a subject, but rather the opposite. However, I believe this technology has fallen into the hands of a people so ignorant, careless, amoral, and devoid of any shred of civility that society as we know it may be on the brink of destruction. If God was an invention, It was one to guide humanity out of the dirt from which it spawned in. To align ourselves with a greater good to form a working, and fair civilization. And with no end in sight one can choose to abandon all morality and aid the return of all of us into the mud of being wild, savage animals. In my past I have been subjugated to multiple experimental mind control methods. These methods can be described as psychological torture. One of these is to force the subject into an environment with their memory removed, or given a temporary state of amnesia. The subject's memories return in a faint and confusing haze, and things can be remembered differently or incorrectly. I will go over everything I have experienced in detail below. I also fear, and have reason to believe, that I will be killed or captured in the coming months (In one possible case I may have to physically leave earth) and I hope this letter will atleast provide some light on the events of my life.

    EnT: Multiple times I have witnessed coworkers of mine have their entire bodies get taken control of. This was done for the purpose of the controlling party to contact me and retain absolute anonymitity. This group has done this to me multiple times, removing my memory of the encounter each time. In this particular instance the subject's head would hang down and their eyes would roll back as well. The person had a commonly used device in their hands (Transmitter), that would display text. I think it was a mistake that I remember this particular event because it is the faintest one. Though I do remember I was in the driver's seat of a truck, and the subject was in the passenger's seat. I don't remember the conversation much except they forced me to tell them a humiliating secret about my life. I vaguely remember they have a loose connection to The Bureau (Which I am an honorary member of as a joke). Or atleast know of events before they happen. for a long time I assumed ENT was an agency with the ability to recieve information without the constraint of time. Before I reached that conclusion I believed they were time travellers from the future here to help me and others save the world. Whilst also using my own words and opinions in media as a kind of silly joke? Though I do not understand the truth surrounding these people I still hope they mean for the best, and may have similar interests as AIR.

    Hillica: ill-formed sub group of ENT. No actual formal organization may exist to my knowledge. They may be some what of tourists here to witness the other groups endeavors in mind control. Their intentions are unkown to me but I know that through innervoice connection (will go in depth later) they have effectively communicated to me simple messages which if I am not aware of, my body will react as if it was a direct command from my brain. This organization is infiltrated and muddled with pseudo personas all aiming to confuse my understanding of the reality that is Hillica.

    
    
}

